---
layout: page
title: Copyright
nav: false
permalink: /copyright/
---

## About Us

albinoloverats is a software development company committed to developing
decent, reliable software. Releasing our source code under the terms of
the GNU General Public License allows us to achieve this through your
help: you are encouraged to assist and improve our products (fixing
bugs, suggesting—or even writing—improvements). We're not trying for the
most flashy (cluttered) products, or the most colourful (goofy) looking
interface, but to show that simplicity is often the best method—to do
one thing and do it well—the original Unix way. Computers were designed
to make life easier; why should you have to search through menu after
menu to find what you're looking for when all you need to do is type (or
possibly click) and go?! We aim to provide simple, clean, effective
applications to ease your work.

Our focus is on security software for individual users; your work is
your work, keep it that way, don't let anyone else steal you idea.

“security is not something you can buy; it is something you must get” —
Bruce Schneier.

## Copyright

The right of Ashley Anderson to be identified as the author of this work
has been asserted by us in accordance with the Crown Copyright, Design
and Patents Act 1988. All code on this site is the copyright of its
respective owner(s) and you should contact them for more information (as
it might not always be us). If albinoloverats ~ Software Development are
the copyright holders of the code in question then (unless otherwise
stated obviously and clearly) it is available under the terms and
conditions as laid out in the GNU GPL version 3 (or later). The name of
this site and company, which includes but is no way limited to:
albinoloverats, albinoloverats.net and albinoloverats ~ Software
Development; in addition to the artwork: the Fire-Eye logo, cascading
style sheets—including those no longer in use—are Copyright © Ashley
Anderson, 2004‒2013. All written work which is attributed, or
associated, to us is freely available under the latest version of the
GNU Free Documentation License. The engine (Automated Web Content
Generating System) is Copyright © 2009–2025, albinoloverats ~ Software
Development.

Comments are owned by the author and do not represent the views and
opinions of us, nor can we be held accountable for potential copyright
infringement due to posters submitting content or excerpts of code which
is not their own. All other work is copyright its original owner and is
used with permission where possible. If you find a portion of this site
that contains unattributed, non-free works please tell us so we can
correct the problem.

## Privacy

Any information provided to albinoloverats shall be held indefinitely on
a secure system. This information will be used to help us help you. We
will not pass any details on to any other people or companies, with the
exception of violation of any applicable laws; when only the necessary
authorities will be contacted. Any attempt to 'crash' the web server or
gain access to this website—which includes not only the server which
hosts the files but also the server for our database—will be treated as
a breach of our privacy and is in violation of the terms and conditions
for viewing this site as well as international laws. In this unfortunate
event you will find your IP address traced, blocked, and your ISP will
be informed.

This site occasionally uses cookies to store information on your local
computer. These cookies do not contain any unnecessary information; they
serve only to improve your viewing pleasure when logged in. For added
security and privacy we ensure that all data transmitted is done through
a Secure Socket Layer. The email address supplied during registration is
used only for confirming your details and password (and for sending new
passwords should you forget it). Any other details are supplied at the
users discretion. Any emails sent to an address @albinoloverats.net will
be stored indefinitely for reference and/or correspondence; within the
terms of this agreement. In this event your IP address may be included
in the body of the email. As a final note: don't give us a reason to
tell anyone about you and we wont :p

## Disclaimer

The views and events expressed on this site, and all of its
counterparts, whole or part there of, do not necessarily represent the
views and opinions of anyone. The author, publisher or host cannot be
held responsible for, and are not affiliated with, any of the sites or
comments which are quoted on this domain. All programs and source code
distributed here are done so in the hope that it will be useful, but
WITHOUT ANY WARRANTY; without even the implied warranty of
MERCHANTABILITY or FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. See the GNU General
Public License for more details.

## Cookies / Offline Storage

This site uses cookies to keep track of users who are logged in. Only
four cookies are set: one is a session ID, the second is a user ID,
third is an activity indicater, and the final cookie is for autocomplete
of the login username field. The first three are required to prove you
are who you say you are (who you logged in as). The first three are all
cleared when you log out, or when your session times out. The default
session length is one hour, but it user configurable. The username
cookie persists (for upto a year) so that when you go to login, the
username field is filled for you. Additionaly 3rd party websites may try
to set cookies for social media sharing and advertising purposes. These
are easy to avoid using a hosts file to block access to the advertising
domains, or a browser plugin such as Disconnect.

Offline storage is used to cache all non-changing resources: images,
stylesheets, scripts, and fonts. This is purely to speed up page loads
as a lot of these resouces are large, particularly the logo and fonts.
