---
layout: post
title: "encrypt 2012.11"
date: 2012-11-29 20:25:49
categories: encrypt
---
It's been over a year in the making, but it's finally here!

Well, actually it's was a few months in the making way back in the spring, but the Windows port gave us a bit of grief; as well did the day job consume all available hours, so things here slowed to a crawl. But we're back, encrypt's back, with a couple of UI tweaks and a whole lot of compression!

The data steam is now compressed using the [XZ algorithm][xz] before it is encrypted, to help save space as well as further hide the size of plaintext that was encrypted. Don't yet get your hopes up about encrypting multiple files or directories as that's not been implemented in this release, but is planned for the next :-)

You may have noticed _(on [Sourceforge][] or [Google Play][play])_ that encrypt is also advertised as working on Apple's OS X operating system; this is a half truth. If you grab the source code, you'll find that you can open it as an Xcode project and build a native application and provided you have the necessary dependencies installed, encrypt will work for you. We're currently trying to figure out how to suitably package encrypt on OS X so its dependencies are bundled with it—we'd welcome any ideas on this topic.

That's all for now, but keep an eye out as we soon (certainly sooner that it's been) hope to have the next release ready to encrypt not just files but entire directory trees! Until then …

~ The encrypt Development Team

[xz]: http://tukaani.org/xz/
[Sourceforge]: https://sourceforge.net/projects/encrypt/
[play]: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=net.albinoloverats.android.encrypt
