---
layout: post
title: "encrypt 2014.06"
date: 2014-06-19 20:11:30
categories: encrypt
tags: encrypt release
author: The encrypt Development Team
---
We've another release of encrypt, to keep your personal data safe. There have been some significant changes for all platforms _(GNU/Linux, OS X, Windows and Android)_.

First, GNU/Linux: there were a few bug fixes and patched up memory leaks. That's actually about it that's specific to the platform.

On Windows, encrypt now uses GTK+3, instead of the older GTK+2, so that's a step in the right direction. We've also dropped support for Windows XP and a re now building and testing on Windows 7 (32-bit as MinGW64 is still not working quite right for us). There has also been some development towards better desktop/Explorer integration (right-click context menu), and in fact this is something we're still working on for GNU/Linux—there being multiple desktop environments makes this a slightly harder task.

On Apple's OS X we think we have managed to fix the Homebrew/libgcrypt dependency. It is a requirement for building the native application, but we've had success using encrypt after removing libgcrypt using Homebrew; hopefully we'll be able to close those bugs in due course.

Last _(for platform specific changes)_ is Android: we've fixed a few major bugs, such as the vanishing keyboard if you tried to enter numbers into the password field. We are also using the gnu-crypto release candidate as it fixes a bug we encountered during development.

Finally, the major change for this version for all platforms: the ability to select the cipher mode. Previous versions were limited to Cipher Block Chaining, but now you can choose from ECB _(don't, please, we beg you)_, CFB, OFB and CTR.

That's all for now, hopefully these changes are useful to you as they're useful to us…
